= roda-rails

roda-rails offers integration for Roda when used as Rack middleware in a Rails
application.  It allows the Roda middleware to use Rails flash handling as well
as Rails' CSRF support.  Roda by default integrates with Rails' session support,
since that just uses the standard Rack session protocol.

Currently, only support for Rails 4.2 is included.  Pull requests for other
Rails versions will be considered, in the form of a separate plugin per Rails
minor version.

Currently, there are no automated tests.  If you decide to use this in production,
it may be a good idea to write automated tests for it and submit a pull request.

= Installation

  gem install roda-rails

= Source Code

Source code is available on GitHub at https://github.com/jeremyevans/roda-rails

= Usage

roda-rails currently includes a rails42 plugin, which you can load just like
any other Roda plugin:

  plugin :rails42

The following plugin options are supported:

:check_csrf :: A callable object that accepts the RodaRequest instance and returns
               whether the CSRF token should be checked.  The default is to check
               all non-GET requests.
:invalid_csrf :: A callable object for the action to taken on an invalid CSRF token.
                 The default is to set a 400 response status and halt.
:csrf_key :: A callable object for how to get the submitted CSRF token.  The default
             is to get it from the +authenticity_token+ request parameter.

Methods offered:

csrf_tag :: Return a string containing a hidden input tag containing the CSRF token.
flash :: The Rails flash object associated with the current session.

= License

MIT

= Author

Jeremy Evans <code@jeremyevans.net>
